# Bradley-s-Week-3-Blog
My reflection on the hypertext self portrait
At first, I found the idea of coding and working in a text editor to be a very intimidating and daunting task. However, after professor O’hara explained the layers of the internet to us in a powerpoint, then offered us help and demonstrations for the project, it actually became an extremely enriching and creative task. Based on this project being carried out on HTML I very much appreciated the powerpoint slides that explained HTTP/HTTPS, URL/URI, HTML, CSS, JS, JSON, and DOM. Due to the understanding I gained about the layers of the internet I was better able to learn different functions on CSS like uploading audio to a page, attaching hyperlinks to pictures, adjusting font, and framing pictures with a certain percentage of border-radius. Approaching this project from the perspective of someone who has never had any experience in coding, it felt like a daunting to ask to simply look at a page of coding and understand it because it truly appears to be another language. However, looking at forums about CSS and JS shed light on the nature of HTML and its functions hence making the task more doable. Also, Brackets was a good text editor to work with because the pop-ups did an excellent job of guessing what I was trying to do even if I wasn’t doing things perfectly. My experience sorting through all of the articles and selected readings thus far has been interesting because it has opened my eyes to a world of discoveries, cycles, and controversies I did not know existed. From our first readings about telegraphs and the monumental innovation that was to our later talks about the world wide web and creating wifi and internet coverage, a lot of what we have read can in some way be related to our project. The cyclical nature of discoveries being made, the public getting excited, a new problem arising, and then that discovery becoming obsolete can apply to our use of brackets, a text editor that anticipates the functions we are trying to perform. While it is unclear now what future problems may arise or need correcting, for now brackets has served as a helpful and exciting tool to the coding community. Our entire study and use of HTML would not have been possible without the original thinking and intent of the telegraph. The idea of separating information from human travel is an idea at the very foundation of HTML. When creating the hypertext portrait itself I defined it in such a way as to express my literary creativity. So, I wrote a personal memoir pertaining to the different aspects of my life and attached pictures to each section. To create interaction for the viewer, I have an audio file on the page that plays everything I wrote as well as hyperlinks attached to each picture which redirect you to related interests of mine. Overall, this project pushed me to learn subject material I have never had experience working with and it developed my abilities as a student. 
